All right, so
I wanna start with the very first
thing which is kinda the lowest layer,
which is actually inserting users into
the database and I wanna work our way up.
So, I wanna get all the logic to insert
users, go up to our API handler how
we're gonna call those functions, and
then route them into our main go file.
But before we do that, I think it's
important to talk a little bit about
what DynamoDB is, and for those who've
used DynamoDB I think it's fair
to say it's kinda polarizing you either
really love it or you really like it.
A lot of people at Amazon and
at AWS obviously really like,
it no surprise there.
But what DynamoDB is,
it's a fully managed NoSQL database, and
what that means is if you're familiar with
Postgres or that kinda relational style,
it doesn't have that there's no
this column expects this value.
That concept does not exist in DynamoDB,
because it's a key value store, right?
That's simply just putting keys and
has a value associated to it, but
those values can be not just one
it could be an array of values.
So, you can input the width of your entry,
the width of your row with all these
different columns into DynamoDB without
necessarily specifying
the schema associated to that.
So you work with MongoDB, it's very
similar Redis also fairly similar.
So it's not that concept of
a relational schema for DynamoDB, but
there is one main constraint and
there's a lot of different constraints,
you have foreign key relationships
you have different relationships.
The main one is the primary key
relationship or the main entry for
the key in DynamoDB, cause this
acts as the unique identifier for
retrieving the items and
for inserting items.
This is how we can have like, O1 speed
with DynamoDB in theory, because we can
map all the entries to one particular
key that we can retrieve things by and
insert good things by as well, okay.
And this key this constraint
key has to be unique.
And in our case, that key is gonna use
your names because we don't want multiple
usernames, we didn't want like
two to use the same username.
You can also concatenate
different keys as well, so,
you could be username plus something else
that could act as one primary key, for
our case we're gonna keep it simple.
The main key is going to be the username,
that's gonna help to see like, hey,
there's this user already exists or
not as well.
A lot of different things like it's fast,
it's scalable, it really is fast and
it does scale like a lambda, it's
a really nice piece of infrastructure.
And this diagram I thought was very
kinda exactly what we're gonna do,
we're gonna have our import data.
So we're not importing anything
necessarily, but we're gonna get JSON data
from our clients, and
then we're gonna take that JSON data.
We're gonna have some transformation
logic, which is what our Lambda,
our backend service is gonna do, and
then we're gonna upload
that data into DynamoDB.
This process is more machinerized we gonna
get a bunch of data, we gonna batch input,
but we can do one by one through
this diagram here, all right?
So TLDR, this is our database,
our lambda function does some logic and
we have a request coming
in from our client.
Yeah, question.
>> A bit more of a general question,
but how do you test the lambdas and
the database stuff locally?
>> Yeah, so
testing locally is a I would say it's
a difficult thing to do seamlessly.
It has a bit more of the initial
investment to stop your local computer
to test locally.
There's different things to offer services
that do that like SST being one of them.
You can have like SAM stacks,
deploying stuff,
there's other opportunities to do
local development with lambdas.
It's just a bit of a trickier concept
because you are deploying artifacts to
the lambda function,
you are trying to base connections
with an actual DynamoDB client.
So testing locally is
a bit of a pain point, but
you can set up an environment
to test locally as well.